Getting started docs (#10048)
backstage/backstage: docs/getting-started/configuration.md

  <img src='../assets/getting-started/gh-pat.png' alt='Screenshot of the GitHub Personal Access Token creation page' />
</p>

> Set the scope to your likings. For this tutorial, selecting "repo" and "workflow" should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the scope to your likings. For this tutorial, selecting "repo" and "workflow" is required as the scaffolding job in this guide configures a GitHub actions workflow for the newly created project.
```
